Hello and welcome to module 3 create a smart contract.
So in this one we're going to take our had coins built in module too and we're going to do a nice few
issuing one million coins for the investors to be able to buy them or even sell them because we're going
to offer a buyback option which basically allows us to buy the coins back and therefore the investors
can get their money back at any time and we'll make all this secure and less through my contract which
we will implement on solidity and of course we'll use some other user friendly interfaces to interact
with our smart contract exactly as we did with post man in modules one and two and these user friendly
interfaces will be first get Nash to interact with the transactions and the plugs because we'll be working
on the E3 MBLAQ chain and also we'll have a wallet my wallet which is an Ethiopian based wallet and
that's from this word specifically that will buy the coins or sell them back.
And that's where we'll see our equity in either U.S. dollars or at coins.
I can't wait to show you them in the end.
This one will also be epic.
So for now we're going to start with the instillations you know everything that is required to implement
all this.
And so will these three things First Well Danesh second my wallet and third solidity.
So let's add all this to get us ready and let's start with Ganesh.
So if you like chocolate Well you will have problem finding the Nashe by just typing cash here because
indeed that's how it is spelled that's what we want to download.
But you'll only find some Nashe which is a glaze icing sauce for pastries which of course is not what
you want to get.
Even if I really like chocolate we will have something else on the menu today and the something else
is truffle with chocolate.
Because indeed if you like truffle with chocolate Well here you will find what we want because indeed
if I press enter here truffle Guinness Well the first link.
Not this one but this one here.
The first link is not some Guinness with truffle food but it is exactly what you will need.
There is this user friendly interface with which you will interact with the smart contract as you can
see the Ethiopian blood chain Ganesh ships with an intern or javascript's implementation of the yttrium
blood chain which has additional programmatic capabilities and there we go.
That's our framework so let's click on it.
Ganesh and as we can see we can already feel the user friendly stel so you can navigate a little bit
to see what it looks like.
But really the only thing we need is to download it.
So here I'm on the Mac OS so I suppose it automatically recognized my system.
No worries if you have a Windows or Linux.
Well I suppose you will either get the right system here or you will need to click HERE ON need a different
OS download.
All right so click on the download button and there we go.
We will get cash in any second.
The download is right here and as you can see it takes little more than 30 seconds.
So we should get it very quickly and in the meantime we can have a look at what it looks like.
That's the interface that's exactly what we'll be using.
You know we'll have the blocks here to transaction's here and each time we mine a block or each time
we do a new transaction will the text count will be incremented here.
So anyway I'll show you this in the demo idea of this module because now the download is finished so
I'm going to go now to my download folder here it is.
So let's double click on it and open and Menashe one point one point zero Bayda.
And here is again.
So here I'm on a Mac.
That's basically how you install a new app you just slide it over here and this installs again.
So pretty easy.
Now I'm going to go to my applications to show you I must be right here.
Here it is.
Here is an opening.
And here we are on Jaenisch So as you can see exactly the same.
But we're not going to do anything now because we don't have any smart contract yet.
So now what we're going to do is the second step of this installation which is to install might if you
want.
All right so let's close this let's go back to Google and open a new tab.
And here now to find what we want.
Unfortunately or fortunately we won't be distracted this time by any food but to get what we want.
We just need to type Get have because we're going to get it on a page which is to get her page of mine
into Word and just into the ether.
Well it can just press enter and there you go.
It should be the first link.
There it is.
Get her KBH new ether wellat.
All right let's kick on this first link get her page of my wallet and now we're going to scroll down
and there you go.
That's exactly where you want to go.
Click on this.
Download the latest release and now you have several ways of getting it either with the source code
or the Chrome extension.
But what we need is the Zip for there because we'll see that it contains NHT mail file which will allow
us to connect locally from our computer to my ether what that's the purpose of getting this.
And so now make sure to click on this.
I won't do it because I'm using the previous version.
Three point eleven point 2.4 which actually worked very well.
And if you have any issue with that version.
Well no worries.
I will share the version I use in the resources of this course.
And so now if you're ready let's go back to our well first download folder because you'll find your
file here.
So take this file that you just downloaded that is your wallet and go to your desktop or anywhere where
you created this whole block chain is that folder of the course which contains the three modules and
we are now in module 3.
Create a smart contract so make sure to go inside and paste the wallet right here.
So that's what I did with the previous version as you see 2.4.
So let's zip it and inside as I just said you'll find a new index H.T. a file which if we click on it
we'll redirect this to my wallet from your local computer.
You see this is my address.
This is my main user folder then desktop than black and it is that Mudgal three create a smart contract.
A well-lit zip folder that you just downloaded and the index a file.
All right.
And so when you open it for the first time well you'll find this page with all the warnings which I
think should be right to be present because it's indeed very important to understand what you're dealing
with.
There is anything that is related to E3 them smart contract or simply getting it.
So I'm not going to read anything now but try to read this.
This is really useful information for you.
So my answer was not a bank that's for sure.
You know the cryptocurrency is the blocks and technologies are a whole new revolution that is totally
disrupting the banks system.
That's why the message then my wallet is an interface.
OK.
So obviously then if you have not followed the intuition lectures by the real world you will be interested
to have their definition of the blotching what the flowers the block chain.
Here you have their explanation.
So could always be useful to read that again.
And after they give you their definition of a block chain Well they ask why are you reading all this
which is also a fair question.
And that's because if you really want to use my wallet for anything that is real there is not a simulation
or demo like will do in this course.
Well they remind you and they're very right that you and only you are responsible for your security.
Be diligent to keep your private key.
That's really important.
And password safe your private key is sometimes adjacent fell by the way.
That's good that we worked with Jason foules.
That could allow you to handle even better the private keys and most importantly if you lose your private
key or password no one can recover it.
So that's the downside of a blank check.
You know a bludgeon is not perfect.
Cryptocurrency is not all white.
It has some downside.
And for me that's the worst one.
I don't know if you've heard the story of this guy who had a hard drive containing some private keys
or password for a while that holding some bitcoins.
But the thing is at the time the Bitcoin wasn't valued anything and therefore I think this guy put the
harddrive in the trash.
And I heard that today he's still looking in the trash is in the country to find his harddrive back
to get the Bitcoins back.
Because indeed without the private key you cannot get the Bitcoins back.
So let's hope that doesn't happen to us.
And eventually last warning we should be careful with is if you enter your private key on a fishing
website you will have all your phones taken.
So no worries.
Nothing will happen here in this course.
This is just a demo.
We'll play with our coins which I remind our worst.
Absolutely nothing.
So all right next question what's the point of Mu.
Where is my wallet.
So of course since either him is by the way one of the best Fluxion technologies today at the time I'm
speaking.
Well the point the main point is of course that it's a decentralized system and it's a blocking based
technology.
OK and then they explain how you can protect yourself and your phone so we won't go through this because
again we'll play with at coins how you can protect yourself from scams that could be interesting for
you if you decide to go for real and how to protect yourself from loss.
Again some more security tips.
One more click and we are done.
Really.
No.
I knew it.
We still have this.
But now in order to pop the champagne and start we just need to click here.
Oh my goodness.
Please just let me send for flowers sake.
All right.
So here we go.
Welcome to my ether wellat.
Now we done with the second thing we had to install.
We won't go there now because this will be part of the demo but now we're going to move on to the third
and main pillar of our implementation which is solidity and it's actually really simple.
We won't have any Anaconda our Python to install because we will get solidity from remakes All right
you can type here remakes sleety and you just need to go to the first link remix.
So the idea is basically it's an idea in which you will be able to implement some solidity programming
which is exactly what will use to build our smart contract.
All right so let's click on this remix solidity ID and there we go welcome to solidity and remakes.
So here you will all get this just as me is just a programming example for some law problem I think.
I haven't looked at it in details but we don't care.
We can just close this all right and now we're going to click on this plus button here to create a new
file which will call at coin's IFCO right at coin's ICAO that sells solver's versatility.
And then you just press OK.
And there we go.
We are ready to implement the smart contract for our initial coin offering of 1 million coins.
So just before we say goodbye I'm going to put a title here so here I'm about to enter newcomer's which
won't be executed once we execute the whole code.
And that's just to give it time which will be add coins.
I see the initial coin offering.
Perfect.
So now we're ready to move on to the implementation starting from the next tutorial.
But just before we do this I just recommend to have a look at the solidity documentation because this
is something quite new.
You know I haven't made any other course on solidity So it's always good to have a look at documentation
and see a little bit how it works for the C++ lovers you will have no problem understanding it because
as you can see it's a high level language for implementing smart contracts.
But it was influenced by C++ and bicillin also but to me it looks more like C++ and Javascript.
So there you go I recommend to read all these.
Which by the way gives you also some more information and explanation on smart contract with again the
blushing and basics the theory and virtual machine.
If you want to look at it in more details then I recommend to check this out solidity by example.
So here you have some silly code which was the code we saw when we opened Rhythmix and it gives you
know a lot of explanation here in the comments.
Again with double slash and not hash keys.
And then for those of you who want to study solidity more in depth.
Well you have some more documentation here with the structure of a contract the types functions mappings
everything.
So you have everything here so any time you don't understand something in our implementation you can
always check this out.
But of course I'll do my best to explain the code as well as possible.
So check this out.
And whenever you're ready let's build our smart contract.